Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Dammit.
Don't shoot.
Emergency. gentlemen. Jeez.
Go! Go MK!
Where are you going now?
No way…
Homeless.
Take this street!
Piss off! I'll kill you!
What now?
-Let's go!
-He's trying to kill us. Move!
You're driving right past it!
Reverse.
Go in. brother!
-Go. Masego! Let's move.
-Masego. no way man!
Comrades. get moving.
We need to find a way out.
Masego! Wake up!
What do you think you're doing?
Masego. don't do this to me!
Masego. I'm begging you.
Hurry up. you must go.
Quickly. go.
Fuck you!
Terra! We need to move!
I think it's Pieter!
Pieter. are you okay?
Hold on. buddy. hold on.
Hold on. they are on their way.
Men. search the whole building.
Go up there! Every car as well.
Let's get out of here!
Press. Aldo. press!
Get out of the way!
-Let's go. guys!
-Go!
Let's go!
Go past!
Keep going!
Rabbi. get down! Down!
Move. clear!
Go past!
What kind of shit is this?
Hurry. Ma. Go!
Gents. what are we gonna do?
What do you think you're doing. boy?
You didn't say he's Black.
Johan. let him go. Johan.
Hold fast!
What's this? Hello.
Looks like this one has issues.
Sit down! Don't get on my nerves.
Ladies too. Let's go.
I know.
How's he know our names?
Never mind our names.
How did he know about the mission?
-Maybe the truck driver?
-No. All the truck driver knew
was to meet us there
and drive us in. That's it.
This guy knew everything.
Don't look at me.
I lost Masego today. Don't piss me off.
There were other units
where we left Masego.
I'm Captain Langerman.
South African Police.
We met outside the bank.
Let's go.
Shoot!
-Shoot!
-Get up!
Shoot!
Come out of there.
you dog. Come out!
Come on. dog. Move.
-Why aren't you shooting?
-Do not fire.
Move. Move. dog.
Sit down!
We've lost the signal.
You're a piece of crap.
This dog nearly had us killed.
Please…
Come here.
And now?
Get in…
Let's go.
Get in.
Get in!
Get up.
Talk!
-I don't know.
-Lies!
Go cool off.
The Little Crocodile is here.
Captain Langerman.
Brigadier.
The Big Crocodile is dying to see you.
And he's on the warpath.
-Brigadier. we've been on this case--
-I'm not talking to you.
What's that?
It's a helicopter. Brigadier.
I know what it is. Schoeman.
But why is it standing there?
In front of Uncle Paul?
Fix it.
Oh. and…
Have you seen the bank manifest?
The Justice Minister's daughter.
Christine. is one of the hostages.
Really. sir?
Yes. Schoeman.
Really.
That's why I'm here.
With all the horses. the dogs.
the guns. the soldiers. and everything.
This crap stops now.
Do you understand me. Captain?
What's the plan?
Khumalo. You're starting again.
Let's not give them any other way.
NOW MORE THAN 1000 000 000 STRONGER.
Dear Lord
We pray to you…
My love.
I didn't get that.
Calm down. please.
Dammit.
Khumalo. what are you doing?
Khumalo! Talk to me.
Aldo. my machine gun.
Get ready.
Take them now.
No. wait. Brigadier.
something's not right.
There they are. standing outside.
Shoot them.
No. one of those three
isn't one of our suspects.
I didn't say he's one of our suspects.
I gave you an order.
Shoot the bastards now.
Calvin is cunning as a jackal.
He wouldn't just expose himself like that.
I think that man might be a hostage.
Now you listen to me. Captain.
I gave you an order.
-Power to the people!
You nearly caused
an international incident.
That was an American hostage.
But he's Black!
I couldn't care less that he's American.
Shut them up!
Get rid of this damn disturbance.
I do not want to hear them!
Power to the people!
No. Khumalo.
That bloody captain
is a piece of shit.
I swear…
Excuse me.
Erasmus. please
deal with this dog before I kill him.
Christine. you mad?
What do you think you're doing?
Let's go.
What are you doing?
See you later.
-Doesn't wanna come out.
-Why not?
No.
-How do you mean "No." Brigadier?
-Because I say no.
We could use her to persuade
Christine to come out of the bank.
Let me explain something to you both.
You want us to turn a maid
into a heroine on national television?
How desperate do you want us to look?
Fuck.
Captain!
If your plan doesn't work. mine will.
Hurry up. Don't have all day.
That's definitely shots. Go!
Khumalo. shoot him. man!
Get up. dog.
Terra. let me have a look…
I'm all right.
Not now. man.
Pastor. I'm doing my best.
Dog.
Khumalo. what does he want in here?
Don't stress. Terra.
People outside
are worried about you.
Come with me. please.
No.
Terra. what are you doing?
Terra. what did you do?
I should shoot you in the head.
I agree. Honorable Minister.
Yes.
Naturally.
I will make absolutely sure of it.
Thank you. Honorable Minister.
Get ready to breach.
What? What about the hostages?
-No longer important.
-Brigadier…
One of them just died. They're vulnerable.
They could surrender. Brigadier.
We can find a peaceful solution.
You think that after
what happened in there
that you can convince him?
When I was in the bank
I saw a man
who wasn't prepared to pull the trigger.
He could have kept me hostage
but he didn't. Why?
I think this whole situation.
the violence. the murder
it's consuming him.
You want me to believe
that damn terrorist in there
is a good man?
No.
What I'm saying
is that Calvin Khumalo
is fighting for justice.
And he doesn't want to lose more people.
And that's
your problem.
You think that trash in there
are people.
Out!
We are only human
through other human beings.
Think of your family.
Of your father. Please.
Father.
Please. Father. I implore you.
I know you can see me.
Do what they ask. Please.
Do the right thing.
Officers. come and fetch this woman.
Stand down.
Come on. Christine. Come on.
It's a matter of national security.
Come with me.
I'm tired.
I know.
Don't let them worry you.
You did the right thing.
-We'll look after you. soldier.
-Thank you. Brigadier.
Dismissed.
Khumalo. you have a phone call.
Thank you.
Langerman. go home.
Spend some time with your wife.
That's an order.
Because you are now done.
Move in.
Father!
We kill dogs!
Fuck you!
This will be easy!
Bastards!
We showed them.
We showed those dogs.
-We made them dance.
-Yeah.
You know those dogs got me.
This is just a graze.
Hold fast.
Dammit.
Get ready to go in.